High stakes question.
Look at some examples.
Ex 1: switch signal; on for half second, off for half second, repeats
      Can compute easily f_hat(k) (i.e. the fourier coefficient)
      Can we write f(t) = sum from -n to n (f_hat(k) * e^(2*pi*i*k*t)?
      No - at least not for a _finite_ sum

Cannot represent a sum of discontinuous functions by a finite sum of continuous functions
Cannot represent a sum of non-differentiable function by a finite sum of differentiable functions

Maxim: it takes high frequencies to make sharp corners (takes more and more terms, higher and
higher frequencies to make that bend).

To represent the general periodic phenomena (signals), we have to consider infinite sums!
(this is a mathematical point; of course, cannot evaluate infinite sum in practice)

Any non-smooth signal will generate infinitely many Fourier coefficients.

Have to deal with issues of convergence.
Need conspiracy of cancellations to make such a series converge (because of the oscillations).
This makes it difficult to study.
Summary of the main results:
- Convergence when signal is continuous (smooth)
- Convergence when have jump discontinuity
- Convergence in general needs a fundamental change in perspective

-Continuous case of sum converges to f(t) for each t (i.e. each point of continuity).
-Smooth case - again converges; get uniform convergence (i.e. can control the rate of convergence)
-If t0 is a point of jump discontinuity, then the sum converges at t0 to average of the jump 
 (i.e. 1/2 * f(t0+) + f(t0-))

General case
Need a different notion of convergence (of the infinite series).
Learned by hard lessons (decades, centuries of work) not to ask for convergence of 
a sum like this at particular points.  Moved from plugging in values of t and asking
if values converge, to asking for _convergence in the mean_. (sometimes called convergence in energy in engineering)
Proof of this idea is in the results it affords you!
Suppose f(t) if periodic of period 1.  Further suppose integral(0, 1) (f(t)^2) dt < inf (i.e. finite).
Not too restrictive assumptions/conditions (i.e. most relevant functions will satisfy this).
Then mean-square convergence!
